Updates README and docs (#4)
logdna/terraform-provider-logdna: README.md

# Terraform Provider for LogDNA

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/logdna/terraform-provider-logdna/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/logdna/terraform-provider-logdna)

> [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/logdna/terraform-provider-logdna/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/logdna/terraform-provider-logdna?branch=main)

Author: @mdeltito

Reviewer: derp, there it is haha thanks

🚧 In public beta 🚧

[LogDNA](https://logdna.com) is a centralized log management platform. The LogDNA Provider allows organizations to manage Views and Alerts programmatically via Terraform.

The [official docs for the LogDNA terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/logdna/logdna/latest/docs) can be found in the Terraform registry.

## Example Terraform Configuration

> ```

Reviewer 2: I feel like we should add a sentence here saying something like: 
"This example code for creating a new View with an Alert is in [HCL (Hashicorp Configuration Language)](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/syntax.html)."

Author: @tanberry i feel that we don't need to explicitly mention that the code is written in hcl given that in the terraform registry- hashicorp provides the user with a using providers and learn terraform section:

<img width="1424" alt="Screen Shot 2020-10-27 at 4 28 20 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10788080/97372964-0db16500-1872-11eb-8efc-65b304cd595e.png">

}

resource "logdna_view" "my_view" {
  name     = "Email Pagerduty and Webhook View-Based Alerts"
  query    = "test"
  apps     = ["app1", "app2"]
  levels   = ["fatal", "critical"]
  hosts    = ["host1", "host2"]

>   categories = ["Demo"]

Reviewer 3: An example with multiple categories would also be ideal here.

}
```

> Using the `logdna_view` resource, a user can create a View with provided `name`, `query`, `hosts`, `categories`, `tags`, `email_channel`, `pagerduty_channel`, and `webhook_channel`, delete a View with a given `viewid` or update a View's properties.

Author: Note to verify that View and Alert and PagerDuty have been capitalized correctly

Reviewer 3: In general, if the word connotes a feature in our platform and is referencing that feature explicitly, the word is capitalized (e.g., View, Alerts). In this case, PagerDuty is lowercase because it is part of a key name, which are all lowercase in the example provided.

> Using the logdna_view resource- a user can create a view with a provided name query, hosts, category, tags, email, pagerduty and webhook channels, delete a view with a given viewid or update a view's properties.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using the `logdna_view` resource, a user can create a View with provided `name`, `query`, `hosts`, `categories`, `tags`, `email_channel`, `pagerduty_channel`, and `webhook_channel`; delete a View with a given `viewid`; or update a View's properties.
```

Also, should they also have to create `apps` values when creating a View?

Author: not sure if I understand the create quesiton @nimbinatus. Are you asking whether the app should already exist?

Author: also these suggestions are helpful thank you :)

Reviewer 3: The example configuration shows an `apps` key with relevant values [here](https://github.com/logdna/terraform-provider-logdna/pull/4/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R21). My initial thought on reading that configuration and then seeing all of the other keys given for creating a View is that the `apps` key is missing in the list. Should someone creating a View need to provide an `apps` value? The same question applies for the `levels` key. It's not clear which values are required and which ones are optional.

Author: @nimbinatus we've documented which fields are required and optional in the terraform docs here: https://github.com/logdna/terraform-provider-logdna/blob/main/docs/resources/logdna_view.md. Is that something you would like to see in the README.md as well?

> Run terraform init, terraform plan and terraform apply and then navigate to the UI to see your updates!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Run `terraform init`, `terraform plan`, and `terraform apply`; and then navigate to the UI to see your updates.
```

## Testing

> In order to run the provider's test suite add your LogDNA servicekey to [logdna/provider_test.go](https://github.com/logdna/terraform-provider-logdna/blob/main/logdna/provider_test.go) and then run the following. Your servicekey can be generated or retrieved from Settings > Organization > API Keys.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To run the provider's test suite, add your LogDNA service key to [logdna/provider_test.go](https://github.com/logdna/terraform-provider-logdna/blob/main/logdna/provider_test.go), and then run the following commands. Your service key can be generated or retrieved from **Settings > Organization > API Keys**.
```
